What's the meaning?
Let me ask you, there is a god son who avoids the party today
What did he tell you?
I first asked him if he had met my grandfather
He asked if he hadn’t seen grandpa for a long time
That's what he said
Wang Shenzi next door is your Lingqun
Your grandpa is always walking around behind the observation bench.
How could he not have seen grandpa for a long time?
Those people give a good talk
Who is that? Is it grandpa?
Don't worry, don't mess with Wu Laoliu and Uncle Luantai
Even Grandpa Wu can't harm me
How do you know he's saving you now?
It’s not because I want you to die in the future.
The blood on your body
Just use it to mention their wolf disaster
Che Qinghuai, you will know
He has no intention of using you to bring disaster.
Only I can save you
Then why did you save me?
That's because you're not
mark my words
Never mention it
What are you running around about?
Still drinking coffee and sleeping
Why are you still saving her?
I'm sleeping on the powder, obviously
No one can go to Houshan Mountain to fight
I just carried you back
Otherwise, you will die and die with your soul.
Slept all day and night
I just exchanged you back